[Music]
hey guys what's going on is James here
from the JV ball gamers and today we're
gonna be having a giveaway for my
channel because we've just about 20,000
subscribers for about a thousand one
hundred officer so um yeah thought it
might as well have a giveaway for that
and so you're gonna be giving away some
black ops 3 beta codes if you guys don't
know what that is let's say most of you
probably do but some of you don't seem
to not so I'll hopefully explain that
for you on August 19th in August 26th
for the PlayStation 4 and the Xbox one
ps4 the August 19 Xbox one and PC being
August 26 5 days you can have a you can
try out the black ops 3 multiplayer so
um yeah pretty much getting putting one
of these one of these codes will let you
try out the black ops 3 multiplayer a
few months before its actual release day
so you're gonna try it out for 5 days
and so if you want this giveaway so what
you'll do is you'll get the code sent
from me I just post you kick down the
description down a comment sir
yeah and comments below and I will
message you if you're a winner now I
have a few to give away also please note
there is like an 18 thousand to one
chance of you guys winning this giveaway
so if you don't there's always the
option you can kick me down in the
description my baggies names there
that's also on the screen now it's just
table gamers kick me if you want to buy
a black ops 3 beta code I'm selling for
$10 if you want to buy one but still
into the skin way don't win then sure
you can go ahead and violent but yeah so
that's that so when we hit 20,000
subscribers I'm gonna be so thankful I'm
doing this giveaway slightly early
because the beta is coming up very soon
and yeah that's that anyway so as I said
just to enter this giveaway or you I
don't say that
you say how this Jesus are you buddy
so to enter this giveaway we gonna need
to do is just subscribe to the 3
channels down description below the in
post you'll kick in the comments on this
video and I will message you if you have
one so yeah I can show you proof with
the codes if you want I can put a photo
up on the screen my next video if you
want that but I don't know if I doing
this video like I get all right all
right there should be if I buffeted
there will be one of the screen right
now okay so if it's there then there's
some proof I have blurred out the rest
of the code of course what I blood out
of will probably put asterisks this yep
and yeah you've got a one one of these
codes we're dealing on the core duty web
site and then you should be entered to
get the beta on August 19th the ps4 and
August 26th to the PC and Xbox one
so that's that end of the good way
you don't want to give away as I said
there's always the option to buy one for
$10 USD and yeah I'll be selling these
for all the way up until August 26 of
course we in the beta for Xbox one and
PC is out so you get at that I'll see
your next video guys I'm out and
hopefully this is new money glitch is
coming up soon if you want I can show
you guys needs to be the envy which it
is still on my channel there somewhere
but go upload it anyway because
currently it is the only sort of glitch
which will get you money so yeah that's
that guys I'm out be sure to leave a
like on the video and I'll see you see
you next video
see you guys